**ABOUT THE DATASET**:

The Dataset I will be using the coursework is the Energy Dataset that is sourced from " https://ourworldindata.org/ " 

**COUNTRY-WISE PROFILING (EDA)** :

The questions I would like to explore from this Dataset are as follows  :

1. Where is the world's energy sourced from? Is it renewable or non renewable sources?
In this section, I would like to explore the percentages of contribution of each energy source to satisfy the population's energy requirements. Also, questions like how much of energy is generated by fossil fuels, how much from nuclear, solar etc will also be explored with graphical visualizations.

2. What percentage of people in each country have access to energy ?
In this section, I will seek to explore the population percentages and how the scenario has changed over the years.
How much energy do people in different countries consume?

**ENERGY USAGE FORECASTING**:

Once profiling is through, I would like to further delve into the dataset by using Time Series Forecasting to predict the Renewable and Non-Renewable Energy Demands of Each country in the following years.

**CHALLENGES** : - 
1. Data Cleaning and Processing: As you can observe the Dataset has multiple missing values and requires considerable amount of cleaning before it can fully be used for the study.
2. Another significant challenge in Time Series Forecasting is building a robust predictive model : To ensure that the model is robust I would like to make use of techniques like ACF, PACF, data transformation, hyperparameter-tuning etc.

**ADVANTAGE OF THIS STUDY**:-

-- From this study, it can be seen whether the current energy trends would be able to satisfy the energy requirements of the population in the future.
-- This study will also shed light on whether Renewable Energy sources can be considered to completely satisfy the growing energy requirements of the world.
-- Further, current and future trends of country profiles can also be studied with colorful visualizations. 







